docs(MADR): defining and migrating to consistent naming for non-system Envoy resources and stats (#13485)
kumahq/kuma: docs/madr/decisions/076-migrating-to-kri-based-envoy-resource-and-stat-naming.md

```
kri_dp_default_kuma-2_kuma-demo_demo-app-ddd8546d5-vg5ql_5050
```

While technically correct and traceable, this approach significantly increases metrics cardinality compared to the current convention (e.g., `localhost_5050`), and would cause noticeable regressions in performance, cost, and compatibility with existing observability tooling. To mitigate this, we are considering alternative naming schemes for these inbound-related resources:

#### Option 1: Replace dataplane name with a simple keyword (`self` or `this`)

Use a naming format like `{prefix}_{sectionName}`, where prefix is a static term such as `self` or `this`. Example:

```
self_5050
```

This would apply to both resource names and stat names for non-internal inbounds.

**Benefits:**

* No increase in metric cardinality
* Minimal changes to existing tooling: `localhost_*` just becomes `self_*` or `this_*`

**Drawbacks:**

> * Breaks the original Resource Identifier model by introducing a third category of resources (not Kuma-based, not internal, but still service-to-service and not uniquely identified)

Reviewer: addressed

* Reduces consistency in the overall naming convention

**Neutral:**

* Provides no more or less value than the current `localhost_*` naming scheme

#### Option 2: Treat inbounds as "restricted" and use `_kuma_{prefix}_{sectionName}` format

> Update the [Internal listeners naming convention](036-internal-listeners.md) and [Resource Identifier](070-resource-identifier.md) MADRs by:

Reviewer 2: My MADR https://github.com/kumahq/kuma/pull/13783/files supersedes that one, but it needs to land

```suggestion
Update the [Internal resources naming convention](074-naming-internal-envoy-resources.md) and [Resource Identifier](070-resource-identifier.md) MADRs by:
```

> * Renaming `internal` resources to `restricted`

Reviewer: addressed
